Hi everyone. Today's Wednesday, April
the 29th, and this is the Money Ball
Morning Report. My name is Anne-Marie
Band.
Charts by TrendSpider, Gamma Flows by
Menthor Q, news by Benzinga Pro, and
forensic data analysis by tradewave.ai.
Okay, so let's take a look at the ES.
What have we done? See the convergence?
Right here.
We have the 200 whoopsie, forgot to do
this. Sorry. Now you get to see my
morning reports.
Let's record, go to the folder, allow.
Great. Everything's all set there. So,
what do we have going on?
Yesterday,
this was our 9:30 candle.
The
several days before,
our 9:30 candle was
over here.
They're about the same size.
Which I find interesting. So, I've asked
Sidekick to give me
some averages, and it's doing that for
me while we chit-chat here.
So, we'll be able to see
the some of the analysis that I did
suggests that very big opening ranges,
and I'll be talking about this tomorrow
in
um
the
study session Discord in the Coach
Anne-Marie
uh
channel on uh the Topstep Discord. We'll
be talking about what the size of an
opening candlestick
could tell us in terms of range. And
what's very interesting is
the size of the opening candlestick,
if it's very big, price action tends to
compress
for the rest of the day, unless
it's had volatility measures outside of
the range that suggest that it's got
bigger upside. But, the larger the
opening candle, the less likely it is
that we have massive follow-through. So,
I find that to be very interesting.
So,
that being said, let's continue. What do
we see here? Well, we've got a 30
30. That's a 50 simple moving average
that's down, a 200 that's up to flat.
So, we've got compressing volatility.
We heard Dakota say that he's increasing
size because the Vix has come back.
Um
this is one of those areas where you can
see that price compression and that Vix
coming in. So, here we are taking a look
at it. We are fighting with the VWAP,
which is mixed if we look at the
afternoon of the prior day and today.
Upward and then downward.
So, a little bit mixed. We are under the
pivot.
And we're battling with
these
levels. So, what are we staring down?
Well,
this cross is something that a lot of
people don't like.
We'll have to see. This is very jagged.
I would anticipate that upward flow
is not unlikely.
But, I'm not sure we can get up over
7190. If we can, we've got another group
of buyers that are going to engage up
above
87,
I would say.
If we take a look at that, and that will
send us into
the candlestick open of
Monday,
which comes into the call wall, 7200.
Where is the put wall, friends? Can't
find it. 7100.
Right? So, we've got 100 points here.
We're very close to the call wall.
And
what we anticipate,
well, what I anticipate is
a fade
that
really brings us down towards this
level.
At
71.
I don't know how well it's going to go.
A lot of people are nervous about
shorting right here.
But, I I'm not, really. But, I want to
see it break this trend line. So, we
have aggressive
uh and increased chance of
shorts if we can lose
6165.
I believe that takes us to the bottom
and
to the gamma wall that divides positive
gamma flow from negative gamma flow.
Let's take a look at the NQ.
All right. Um the NQ has already had its
cross.
Got big earnings. Let's take a look at
the size of the opening candle for
Monday.
And let's clone it.
And then
let's do yesterday's opening candle.
Much bigger. About 1 and 1/2 times the
size of the prior candle. But, notice
the overall range sits inside of that
candle all day, which statistically
speaking is what we expected
based on
uh the data
taken from
Sidekick. All right. So, what are we
looking at?
Well,
here's the 9:30 candlestick from Monday.
And the traders really
could not come into it.
Right? They are right there at the low
of that edge. They can't get above it.
So, for right now,
27,300
looks like resistance.
Okay?
That being said, the break above 27,300,
if it holds, can move into the call
wall,
which is about 27,375,
something like that.
We've had a cross. We are above the
pivot.
Above the 200. Above the 50.
All of that says buy the dip.
The noise is that they are overlapping
each other. So, if we take a look at the
last candle of the day,
we can see that
3:30 whoops, that's a 4:00 candle.
The 3:30 candle open is the floor of
support currently. 27,185
or so.
All right. So, holding that floor gives
us
a good buy. If we lose it,
I suspect we head to the bottom of this
range.
The gamma line is right around 27,050.
The put wall is
27,000,
and the call wall is 27,000,
as I mentioned, 375.
We've got a lot of earnings this week.
We could see volatility. But, this, my
friends,
classic mash pit.
Classic mash pit.
4:00 a.m. candle inside of the 9:30
candle. Globex candle inside of the 9:30
candle.
3:30 closing inside
of the candle.
Just
not a ton of volume into the edge of the
day.
But, they are starting to participate.
So, we shall see.
My suspicion is that we fade. So, I do
have a short on. But,
I am going to flatten it out if I get
above this zone and stay there.
Let's take a look at uh Bitcoin.
Ooh, interesting.
Big bounce in Bitcoin right off of
the floor.
9:30 candle important today, or
yesterday, excuse me.
It was the biggest one that we had.
But, still not as big as
this candle, which gave us our breakout.
76,850.
Notice how you can use this.
Forward motion.
You see this large candlestick, you can
draw Fibonacci.
Alfred, come on.
You can draw Fibonacci. If it breaks the
50% range, you wait for it to recapture.
That happened at about 1:00 in the
afternoon, and then it's been long all
day. This is liquidity
coming into the market.
I am surprised,
but it still only got
to the top of that high volume
candlestick, and now we are inside it
again.
What is the slope of the 200? It was up
and then down.
What is the slope of the 50? It's down
and now flat. And the VWAP is up.
Pivot is below us.
Momentum is high. Mixed bag, but dips
are buys. So, where is the appropriate
dip?
My suspicion is that 77,400
77,450
makes the good buy event.
If it loses 77,200,
it needs to recapture it immediately.
And then if it doesn't,
it heads to the pivot or the low of this
candlestick. This is what they're
actually battling, folks.
This candle right here are the traces
that it's moving through. This is where
everybody planted their flag and said,
"I'm going to buy or I'm going to sell."
And they're going to come in to defend
that line. And you can see that they
have.
If they don't defend the line, well,
and they get above 78,300,
it's a long, but it's a messy long into
the prior opening range candle
of several days past.
And we actually just went into that,
interestingly enough.
Just stopped shy of it.
So, my thought is a very sideways day
ahead. It's going to be very messy.
Let's take a look at crude. Whoa.
Mercy.
Okay, trend up, momentum up.
Savage.
Man, oh man, this is
really something.
All right, let's recalibrate.
Yesterday's big candlestick,
it's the biggest one of the nearest
days.
We'll draw Fibonacci there in a sec.
Actually, you know what? I'm going to
clean these lines up. Please forgive me.
All right.
First things first, let's see.
Over the past four or five days, we've
got this beast.
We've retested it yesterday and in the
Globex last night.
Pretty nice. So, important candle. Let's
draw Fibonacci.
Upside pressure.
Take a look at this. That's topping
formation.
Potentially below the call wall, which
is at 105.
So, this Fibonacci off of this major
spike here, pretty important. Let's take
a look at
this ADM spike. It's the opening
candlestick formation.
Almost the same size as this candle,
maybe a little bit more vol- volatility,
excuse me.
And then let's draw
Oh, come along, friend.
Now we have our formation up here. Both
of these Fibonaccis colliding right
around this zone. So,
the top of the range to break to the
north is this 103.
104. All right? If it breaks above 104
and you're thinking about shorting,
uh don't.
However, right now, it's in a shorting
formation. So, what do we want to see?
We want to see a look below,
a bounce
that doesn't hold
above 103, and then when it breaks
again, Bob's your uncle. You can go all
the way down to 10150.
Slope of the VWAP up, slope of the 50
up, slope of the 200 up, slope of
momentum up. Dips are buys.
So, if you take a short, it's got to be
quick. Countertrend shorts,
very quick, and
with smaller size. This is how you
manage yourself, okay? That's how you
manage your risk. You take smaller sizes
if you're going against the relative
trend.
>> [snorts]
>> Gold.
Oh, we've rolled.
Nope. Yep.
I think this is it. Let me see.
Well, this is the one we're going to
use.
You can see this is not
and then all of a sudden we've got
volume right here.
Okay, so let's take a look.
What's trend? Down. What's momentum?
Down.
A little bit positive.
Where are we in relation to the VWAP?
We're under the VWAP. Where's the pivot?
We're below it. All of this says, "Sell
the bounce."
So, what bounce do you want to sell?
Well,
looks to me like the pivot bounce.
4620.
Where is this chart going?
As I mentioned, I believe it easily
could head
down here.
4300.
Maybe even 4100. I don't know.
But,
it's got downward flow. It's going to
bounce again, but it's got
downward flow. So,
what are we staring down? Well, right
here,
we see this contract event giving us a
higher low.
So, you don't just want to
willy-nilly short in here because it is
trying to recapture the value area low.
And if it's trying to recapture the
value area low,
that's how you're going to work that,
right? You're going to go value area
low, value area high.
There we have it.
My thought would be wait for the short
up at 4620
and then take the trade. If you want to
be aggressive and whipsaw your way up
there, we have broken the put wall.
So, you could try a long here at 45
80.
4582.
And then
rotate your way up above the put wall,
which sits at 4600,
the call wall at 4650.
That's quite compressed. Oh, that's the
zero DTE. Pardon me. The real put wall
is 4450.
4450. So,
bounces are sells until otherwise noted.
Trust me on this.
This is going to go for a little bit. Be
careful. All right.
Let's go to spy.
Oh my goodness. Sorry. I'm thinking
about old movies.
I had a group of friends once, way back
in the Yeah, when I when I had friends,
when I wasn't chained to my desk.
Um I had a group of friends once, and
all we did, this particular group,
when we responded to each other, it
would just be movie quotes.
It was a very
>> [laughter]
>> It's a very strange time, but
it was always quite funny. All right,
let's go to spy.
>> [laughter]
>> I don't know why I just thought of them.
Okay, um
what is spy doing? It's caught between
the two big moving averages.
It's above the pivot, below the 50,
below the gamma wall.
Big deal. It fell below the gamma wall
overnight.
Last night, night before last, excuse
me. And now, here we are sitting in
the closing candle. Look at this. Look
at the compression.
Here's the 9:30 candle.
Here's the 3:30 candle.
Here's the 4:00 a.m. candle.
They're all inside each other.
That, my friends, is a mixed bag. That
means
dips are buys and spikes are sells.
The question is, which one do you want
to go after and how much strength do you
want to have with it?
To do that,
I would use
the 9:30 candle of the prior day.
And I would say,
"If I get to the top of the 9:30 of
uh 2 days prior, I'm going to try and
short that.
If I try to get to the gamma wall,
I might try it because it is also the
50% range, but I would be careful there.
If it looks like it's not going to
behave, just get out.
Right? Where do you expect price to go?
Let's do Fibonacci.
Well, let's just clone the candles. Same
thing.
That's what a Fibonacci is doing. It's
measuring the size of the candles and
then
doing multiplicative style.
Uh value area low 707, value area high
is where we're battling, 713.
What's the moral of the story?
You know, Wednesdays are kind of janky,
if I want to use, you know, cool kid
slang day for you.
So, you want to be a little bit careful,
all right? Watch
watch yourself.
Just uh watch that risk. There's plenty
of times to trade. Just
Now you're developing skill. If you've
been with me for the whole time, you're
developing skill, and that is the most
important thing. All right, folks. I'm
not on any streams today. I got a lot of
administrative stuff to do, and uh so
I'll see you on the streams tomorrow,
and
take care.